Contributors
============

There are many ways you can make boo better.

As an user you can contribute by reporting any issues you find, by
adding, commenting on and/or fixing the documentation on this website
(see that little edit link down the page?), by helping other users
through one of our mailing lists and irc channel.

Feel like hacking today? Get the latest sources from our repository and
see what you think.

Browse the list of open issues, see anything you like? Take ownership
and try to fix it!

Getting in touch
----------------

subscribe to any of our Mailing Lists stop by the boo irc channel:
irc://irc.codehaus.org/boo add comments to the pages in our wiki add
comments to and/or vote for the issues in our issue tracker If you find
a bug or problem Please raise an issue in our issue tracker.

If you can provide a test case then your issue is more likely to be
resolved quicker.

Sending patches
---------------

We gladly accept patches if you can find ways to improve, tune or fix
boo in some way.

The basic process goes like this:

check out the code from the git repository or update you working copy
optionally write new test cases or change existing ones git diff your
changes to a file attach that file to the related issue or create a new
issue including the details on what’s being improved, tuned or fixed
Always try to make sure that all the unit tests that were passing before
the code changes are still green after them.

Code eventually committed to the repository must follow our coding
conventions.

Using the issue tracker
-----------------------

Before you can raise an issue in the issue tracker you need to register
with it. This is quick & painless.

If you want to have a go at fixing an issue you need to be in the list
of boo-developers on the issue tracker. To join the group, please mail
dev@boo.codehaus.org with the username you used to register with the
issue tracker and we’ll add you to the group.

Helping with the documentation
------------------------------

Before you start adding comments to and/or editing the pages on this
website you need to register with confluence. This is also quick &
painless.

If you want to fix and/or add new pages you need to be in the list of
boo-developers on confluence. To join the group, please mail
dev@boo.codehaus.org with the username you used to register with
confluence and we’ll add you to the group.

